Best practice rules for Amazon Bedrock
Amazon Bedrock Service Role Policy Too Permissive
Ensure that policies attached to Amazon Bedrock service roles adhere to the Principle of Least Privilege.

Check for Missing Amazon Bedrock Agent Service Role
Ensure that Amazon Bedrock agents are referencing active (available) service roles.

Check for Missing Model Customization Job Security Groups
Ensure that Bedrock model customization jobs are referencing active (available) VPC security groups.

Configure Data Deletion Policy for Knowledge Base Data
Ensure that the vector store data is retained when the knowledge base data sources are deleted.

Configure Permissions Boundaries for IAM Identities used by Amazon Bedrock
For enhanced security, ensure that permissions boundaries are set for IAM identities used by Amazon Bedrock.

Configure Prompt Attack Strength for Amazon Bedrock Guardrails
Ensure that prompt attack strength is set to HIGH for Amazon Bedrock guardrails.

Configure Sensitive Information Filters for Amazon Bedrock Guardrails
Ensure that sensitive information filters are configured for Amazon Bedrock guardrails.

Cross-Service Confused Deputy Prevention
Ensure that policies attached to Amazon Bedrock service roles are configured to prevent cross-service impersonation.

Enable Model Invocation Logging
Ensure that model invocation logging is enabled in the Amazon Bedrock account level settings.

Protect Model Customization Jobs using a VPC
Ensure that Bedrock model customization jobs are protected by a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

Use Customer-Managed Keys to Encrypt Agent Sessions
Ensure that agent session data is encrypted with Amazon KMS Customer Managed Keys (CMKs).

Use Customer-Managed Keys to Encrypt Amazon Bedrock Guardrails
Ensure that Bedrock guardrails are encrypted with Amazon KMS Customer Managed Keys (CMKs).

Use Customer-Managed Keys to Encrypt Amazon Bedrock Studio Workspaces
Ensure that Bedrock Studio workspaces are encrypted with Amazon KMS Customer Managed Keys (CMKs).

Use Customer-Managed Keys to Encrypt Custom Models
Ensure that AWS Bedrock custom models are encrypted with Amazon KMS Customer-Managed Keys (CMKs).

Use Customer-Managed Keys to Encrypt Knowledge Base Transient Data
Ensure that knowledge base transient data is encrypted with Amazon KMS Customer Managed Keys (CMKs).

Use Guardrails to Protect Agent Sessions
Ensure that Bedrock agent sessions are associated with guardrails for protection.



https://www.trendmicro.com/cloudoneconformity/knowledge-base/aws/Bedrock/